all welcome to the Hippodrome here in
the central mountains to announce a
revival six white doesn't need in
ethically the decoction is the
introduction is to quite a bit launches
it is rematch the night independently
David wanted to stick to crown and
rematch Sony was very hard to negotiate
the economy and old rusty X cards but we
finally got it down and I think the
noise ever evolving in Tony's wife is
part of the deal with the donkey and the
collect on 50160 just broke floor up
with questions
on the topic title if you go everybody
- coffee by evolution even after the
beatings of but the shortfall of
attention because that's what religion
meant why I'm not saying that
the first fight with Luke and notice I
already know they were still really
surprised and got beat by old fat guy
but like he had
figure it out and we just sit back like
let's do it again right but I still know
what I don't know I haven't forgotten
longer and I'm real anxious to see
papers for progress in situation you
know now looks like the testing there's
me figure out a better example fabulous
do some babies you look at some and then
you got to come back inside I really
wish I you know Vinnie Lewis and that's
fine with me I got you baby that's it
you know what I try to tell people with
guess how this battles never had a shame
I was sick and I know every Bible
literally never never get over it I've
seen happens to you why I can't help but
think the best I can't better now you've
had a chance
hey you guys see me they don't say and
you've got to see me you got to see me
and I hate talking all belly-first
you have to see me
I wanted to meet they still think the
world and I wanted me up you know the
America to make difficult to believe us
you know for the sake of your Creator do
you think you have to take the price
lower than talk to me because a lot of a
lot of fighters in Los Alamos different
group be much more it was the lesson I
was given in February
normal it was it was a painful lesson
severe and the only way I thought but I
think I can write it would be to either
be much performance on cinnamon and he'd
say in the famous will be tension around
Allison for few more level as you were
to believe up and the same fighter born
into the page I was been a living losing
I've sort of seen abilities that will
change this
no one in the whole became a better
fighter because of it then what could
happen sometimes when you perhaps up
your career although you know all
similar to give you something
certain evening expect that was
available or the pixel consciousness you
know you haven't evolved different
things and you know potential fighters
units
it all relates and it's
I can't wait